# brickhub.dev policy

## Purpose

BrickHub.dev facilitates the sharing via publication of brick templates written
by developers for developers. It is central to this service that consumers of
templates can trust that their bricks (templates) do not suddenly disappear.
**Thus, once a brick has been published it cannot be unpublished or deleted**.
This applies to all versions of a published brick. However, because mistakes can
occasionally happen, exceptions can be granted to this general policy at the
discretion of brickhub.dev.

## Naming policy

Brick names play an important role in the brickhub.dev ecosystem as they are the
identifier of a brick; as a consequence brick names must be unique. When a
consumer wishes to consume a brick, they do that by referring to the brick name
as this unique identifier.

Because names play such an important role, the following provisions apply to
brick names:

### Name squatting

Bricks may not be published solely to reserve a name for future use. A brick is
considered to be engaged in "name squatting" if its code has no objectively and
genuinely useful purpose. If you believe a brick is engaged in name squatting,
you can use the following steps to request a brickhub.dev moderator review and
that the brick be transferred to you:

1.  Locate the email of the publisher, as shown in the brick details page on
    brickhub.dev.
2.  Email the publisher and copy/cc `help@brickhub.dev`, politely asking the
    publisher to explain their intended purpose.
3.  If the publisher does not respond within four (4) weeks, forward the thread
    to `help@brickhub.dev`, and the request will be reviewed.

### Trademark infringement

BrickHub.dev respects the importance of trademarks and other proprietary rights
and prohibits intellectual property infringement. Publishers are solely
responsible for the bricks and brick names they use. We take allegations of
trademark infringement seriously and, as a courtesy, we may informally
investigate valid trademark complaints submitted by trademark owners or their
authorized agents (including the Attorney of Record as listed on the trademark
registration, or a representative from the headquarters of the trademark parent
company). However, we are not in a position to mediate third party disputes, and
we encourage trademark owners to resolve their disputes directly with publishers
by contacting the publisher at their email address shown in the brick details
page on brickhub.dev. In addition to directly contacting publishers, trademark
owners or their authorized agents who are concerned about trademark use in
bricks or brick names can email `help@brickhub.dev` to submit a complaint. The
complaint must include the name, role and contact information of the person
initiating the complaint, the country(ies) of trademark registration and
registration numbers (if applicable), and the URLs and brick names for all
bricks related to the complaint. To ensure efficient review of your complaint,
please provide all requested information. We cannot take action on incomplete
complaints.

## Content policy

BrickHub.dev is intended to enable developers to share reusable templates with
other developers. Thus, these templates are expected to contain source code
directly related to the main function of the template. Any other content is not
allowed on brickhub.dev, and may be subject to moderation at the discretion of
the brickhub.dev moderators, up to and including unpublishing of a brick.

In addition, the following restrictions apply:

1. BrickHub content may not be used for the purpose of training or improving
   machine learning algorithms, including but not limited to artificial
   intelligence, natural language processing, or data mining. Any usage of the
   BrickHub content in an AI-training dataset is considered a breach of this
   policy.

2. BrickHub content may not be included in any dataset used for training or
   improving machine learning algorithms, including but not limited to
   artificial intelligence, natural language processing, or data mining.

3. BrickHub content may not be consumed by AI, including but not limited to
   generative AI and large language models (LLMs).

4. Content uploaded to BrickHub may not be generated by AI, including but not
   limited to generative AI and large language models (LLMs).

5. Any person or organization found to be in violation of these restrictions
   will be subject to legal action and may be held liable for any damages
   resulting from such use.

## Copyright policy

We respect the rights of copyright holders, and we do not allow bricks or brick
names that are unauthorized to use copyrighted content. Publishers are solely
responsible for the bricks and bricks names they use. Copyright holders can
email `help@brickhub.dev` to submit a complaint. The complaint should include
the name, role and contact information of the person initiating the complaint, a
description of and link to an example of the copyrighted work, and the URLs and
brick names for all bricks related to the complaint. To ensure efficient review
of your complaint, please provide all requested information. We cannot take
action on incomplete complaints.
